[notifications] document limited support in Expo Go (#31629)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/notifications.mdx

`expo-notifications` provides an API to fetch push notification tokens and to present, schedule, receive and respond to notifications.

> > **Note**: `expo-notifications` functionality is not fully supported in Expo Go. We recommend you instead use a [development build](/develop/development-builds/introduction/) to avoid limitations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **warning** `expo-notifications` functionality is not fully supported in Expo Go. Instead, we recommend using a [development build](/develop/development-builds/introduction/) to avoid limitations.
```

It's better to call this out as a "warning". We use note for general purpose info. Also, rephrase the second sentence to be direct about it to improve readability.
